hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're going
to be talking about the 2009 film
Terminator Salvation the 4th Terminator
film so let's get started
the summary relies heavily on knowledge
of the previous films if you haven't
seen them already check out my spoilers
in the links below the film opens in
2003 with dr. Cogan of Cyberdyne systems
convincing a death row inmate Marcus
Wright designed over his body for
medical research after his execution a
year after this Skynet is activated and
billions of humans are killed by the
machines in a nuclear event known as
Judgment Day the film transitions to the
year 2018 where John Connor is leading
an attack on a cyber net base where he
discovers human prisoners and schematics
of a new type of Terminator which will
incorporate living tissue John is the
only survivor after the base is
destroyed by a nuclear explosion after
John leaves Marcus emerges for the
wreckage and begins to walk towards Los
Angeles John goes to the resistance
headquarters located on a nuclear
submarine where he tells general Ashdown
of what he found at the base the
resistance has also learned of a kill
list that the machines have to take out
the command of the resistance
John is number two on the list and
directly behind Kyle Reese most are
unaware of Kyle Reese's significance but
John knows Kyle will eventually go back
in time and actually be the father to
John which occurred in the first film
John also goes to see his pregnant wife
Kate and meets with his
second-in-command Barnes we find Marcus
has made his way to the ruins of Los
Angeles where he battles a t600
terminator and is saved by Kyle Reese
they are later attacked at a gas station
which they survived the attack however
Marcus Kyle and several others are taken
prisoner and placed on a transport the
transport is attacked by some resistance
planes and the prisoners are able to
escape and head towards John Connor
space Marcus locates one of the pilots
that was shot down Blair Williams and
she travels back with Marcus on the way
however Marcus is wounded by a landmine
and the resistance fighters discovered
that Marcus is actually a cyborg
however Marcus believes that he is human
john believes marcus was sent to execute
him so he orders they have Marcus killed
the pilot Blair helps Marcus escape
during which Marcus saves John's life
from Skynet's robots John and Marcus
make a deal John will let Marcus live if
Marcus will help break Kyle and the
other prisoners free from Skynet's
headquarters in San Francisco
Marcus enters into Skynet's headquarters
takes down their defenses allowing John
and the resistance to enter Marcus
learns that he was actually designed by
Skynet system to war John into the base
in order to get him killed
Skynet also uses a radio signal from the
resistance to track down the human
command submarine destroy it killing the
resistance leaders Marcus removes the
portion of hardware linking him to
Skynet and helps John battle the new
t800 Terminator robot who looks very
similar to a young Arnold Schwarzenegger
the Terminator from the first three
films Marcus is able to defeat the t800
though John is severely injured but able
to detonate explosives all around the
Skynet base John Marcus and Kyle are
airlifted out and Marcus offers his own
heart for transplant in order to save
the dying John John later radios to the
resistance fighters that though the
battle has been won the war is far from
over
concluding the film so that was the
spoilers for Terminator Salvation if you
have another film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler alerts
on our various forms of social media
listed below and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching